so I'm gonna make some foxy pancakes
which is basically a potato pancake and
I'm using rooster potatoes today I'm
gonna peel them grate them squeeze out
the moisture of them I'm gonna use some
mashed potato cooked it yesterday
chilled it it's good it's better
actually out of the fridge a little bit
of flour this is actually a wheat-free
flour amusing so we're gonna make a
duplicate C today and some fresh Irish
milk first of all I'm gonna peel it and
then I got a grape this into a cloth I
get my tea towel and the reason I'm
grating it into the cloth is because I
need to extract as much moisture as I
can out of the potato and it's amazing
how much pancake you're going to get out
of two simple ittle potatoes now we
extract the water very therapeutic
a potato pop nice and dry that goes in a
bowl I'm going to add an equal amount of
mashed potato it's a nice match for
their leftover magic again a great way
of getting rid of it and to this again
my flour again one-third one-third
one-third roughly and that's the basic
for the three types of box-t boiled
baked in the pan but today I'm just
gonna make the pan box deep in a pinch
of salt and to this we're gonna add our
milk to make a batter
any good batter you're making you need
to let it settle for a little while so
it comes out of itself the starch is
released and it starts to thicken so for
this I'm going to use a little bit of
butter a little bit of rapeseed oil it's
important to cook this on a low heat
because the potato was to cook out
you've got raw potato in it it's not
like a regular pancake the flour will
cook out but you need that potato to
cook out that's gonna take about five
minutes to cook okay so wind up when the
pancake dries out on this side as it is
now you can see it trying it's trying to
flip
you got a lovely golden color on your
pancake this side bucks to you on the
griddle bucks T on the pan you can't
make cuts deep never get a man perfect
box t better thank you enjoy